--- Page 1 ---
OMB No. 1615-0028; Expires 09/30/09
Department of Homeland Security   I-600, Petition to Classify Orphan 
U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services  as an Immediate Relative
 Do not write in this block.                              (For USCIS Use Only)
TO THE U.S. SECRETARY OF STATE:  
Fee Stamp
The petition was filed by:       
Married petitioner Unmarried petitioner
The petition is approved for orphan:
Adopted abroad Coming to U.S. for adoption.
Preadoption requirements have been 
met.
Remarks:
File number
DATE OF 
ACTION
DD
DISTRICT
Type or print legibly in black ink.  Complete a separate petition for each child.   
Petition is being made to classify the named orphan as an immediate relative.
Block I - Information About Petitioner 8.  If you are now married, give the following information: 
1.   My name is:  (Last) (First) (Middle) Date and place of present marriage(mm/dd/yyyy)
2.  Other names used (including maiden name if appropriate):  Name of present spouse (include maiden name of wife)
3.  I reside in the U.S. at: (c/o if appropriate) (Apt. No.) Date of birth of spouse(mm/dd/yyyy)Place of birth of spouse
(Number and Street) (Town or City) (State)(Zip Code) Number of prior marriages of spouse
4.  Address Abroad (if any): (Number and Street) (Apt. No.) My spouse resides With me Apart from me           
(provide address below)
(Town or city) (Province) (Country) (Apt. No.)(No. and Street) (City) (State)(Country)
5.   I was born on: (mm/dd/yyyy) 9.  I am a citizen of the United States through: 
Birth Parents Naturalization
In:  (Town or City) (State or Province) (Country) If acquired through naturalization, give name under which naturalized,  
number of naturalization certificate, and date and place of naturalization:
6.   My telephone number is: (include area code)
7.  My marital status is:  If not, submit evidence of citizenship. See page one of the instructions.
Married
If acquired through parentage, have you obtained a certificate in your 
Widowed own name based on that acquisition?
Divorced No Yes
Single Have you or any person through whom you claimed citizenship ever lost 
I have never been married. your U.S.  citizenship?
I have been previously married                      time(s).No Yes (If Yes, attach detailed explanation.)
Received Trans. In Ret'd Trans. Out Completed
Form I-600 (Rev.10/16/08)Y
--- Page 2 ---
Block II - Information About Orphan Beneficiary
10.  Name at Birth (First) (Middle) (Last) 20.  To petitioner's knowledge, does the orphan have any physical or mental 
affliction? Yes No
11.  Name at Present (First) (Middle) (Last) If "Yes," name the affliction.
12.  Any other names by which orphan is or was known.  21.  Who has legal custody of the child? 
13.  Gender  Male 14. Date of birth (mm/dd/yyyy)  22.  Name of child welfare agency, if any, assisting in this case.
Female
15.  Place of Birth  (City) (State or Province)(Country) 23.  Name of attorney abroad, if any, representing petitioner in this case. 
16.  The beneficiary is an orphan because (check one):  Address of above.
He or she has no parents.
He or she has only one parent who is the sole or surviving parent.24.  Address in the United States where orphan will reside. 
17.  If the orphan has only one parent, answer the following: 
a.   State what has become of the other parent: 
25.  Present address of orphan. 
b. Is the remaining parent capable of providing for the orphan's
support? Yes No 25.  If orphan is residing in an institution, give full name of institution. 
c. Has the remaining parent in writing irrevocably released the
orphan for emigration and adoption? Yes No 26.  If orphan is not residing in an institution, give full name of person with 
18.  Has the orphan been adopted abroad by the petitioner and spouse        with whom residing.           
jointly or the unmarried petitioner? Yes No
If yes, did the petitioner and spouse or unmarried petitioner   27.  Give any additional information necessary to locate orphan, such as 
personally see and observe the child prior to or during the       name of district, section, zone, or locality in which orphan resides. 
adoption proceedings? Yes No
Date of adoption (mm/dd/yyyy) 
Place of adoption
19. If either answer in Question 18 is "No," answer the following: 
a.     Does the petitioner and spouse jointly or does the unmarried  
        petitioner  intend to adopt the orphan in the United States?
Yes No 28.  Location of U.S. Embassy or consulate where application for visa 
b. Have the preadoption requirements, if any, of the orphan's        will be made. 
proposed State of residence been met?
Yes No (City in Foreign Country)                       (Foreign Country)
c. If  b is answered "No," will they be met later? 
Yes No
Certification of Petitioner        Certification of Married Prospective Petitioner's Spouse 
I certify, under penalty of perjury under the laws of the United States of  I certify, under penalty of perjury under the laws of the United States of  
America, that the foregoing is true and correct and that I will care for an  America, that the foregoing is true and correct and that my spouse and I  
orphan or orphans properly if admitted to the United States. will care for an orphan or orphans properly if admitted to the United States. 
(Signature of Petitioner) (Signature of Petitioner)
Executed on (Date) Executed on (Date)
Signature of Person Preparing Form, If Other Than Petitioner
I declare that this document was prepared by me at the request of the petitioner and is 
based entirely on information of which I have knowledge.
(Signature)
 Street Address and Room or Suite No./City/State/Zip Code
Executed on (Date)
Form I-600 (Rev.10/16/08)Y Page 2
