--- Page 1 ---
OMB No. 1615-0038; Expires 10/31/09
Department of Homeland Security  I-751, Petition to Remove 
U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services Conditions on Residence
START HERE - Please type or print in black ink. For USCIS Use Only
Part 1.   Information About You Returned Receipt
Family Name (Last Name) Given Name (First Name) Full Middle Name Date
Date
Address:  (Street number and name) Apt. # Resubmitted
C/O:  (In care of) Date
Date
City State/Province Reloc Sent
Date
Country Zip/Postal Code
Date
Mailing Address, if different than above (Street number and name):Apt. # Reloc Rec'd
Date
C/O:  (In care of)
Date
City State/Province Petitioner 
Interviewed 
on
Country Zip/Postal Code
Remarks
Date of Birth (mm/dd/yyyy)Country of Birth Country of Citizenship
Alien Registration Number (#A)  Social Security # (If any)
Conditional Residence Expires on (mm/dd/yyyy)Daytime Phone # (Area/Country codes)
Part 2. Basis for Petition    (Check one)
a.  My conditional residence is based on my marriage to a U.S. citizen or permanent resident, Action Block
and we are filing this petition together.
b.  I am a child who entered as a conditional permanent resident and I am unable to be included 
in a joint Petition to Remove the Conditions on Residence (Form 1-751) filed by my parent(s).
OR
My conditional residence is based on my marriage to a U.S. citizen or permanent resident, but I am 
unable to file a joint petition and I request a waiver because: (Check one)
c.  My spouse is deceased.
d. I entered into the marriage in good faith but the marriage was terminated through divorce or 
annulment.
To Be Completed by
e. I am a conditional resident spouse who entered a marriage in good faith, and during the 
Attorney or Representative, if any.
marriage I was battered by or was the subject of extreme cruelty by my U.S. citizen or 
permanent resident spouse or parent. Fill in box if G-28 is attached 
f. I am a conditional resident child who was battered by or subjected to extreme cruelty by my to represent the applicant.
U.S. citizen or conditional resident parent(s).
  ATTY State License #  
g. The termination of my status and removal from the United States would result in an extreme 
hardship.
 Form I-751 (Rev. 08/25/08)N
--- Page 2 ---
Part 3.  Additional Information About You
1. Other Names Used (including maiden name):
2. Date of Marriage (mm/dd/yyyy)3. Place of Marriage 4. If your spouse is deceased, give the date of death (mm/dd/yyyy)
5. Are you in removal, deportation, or rescission proceedings? Yes No
6. Was a fee paid to anyone other than an attorney in connection with this petition? Yes No
7. Have you ever been arrested, detained, charged, indicted, fined, or imprisoned for breaking or violating any 
law or ordianance (excluding traffic regulations), or committed any crime which you were not arrested in 
the United States or abroad? Yes No
8. If you are married, is this a different marriage than the one through which conditional residence status was 
obtained? Yes No
9. Have you resided at any other address since you became a permanent resident? (If yes, attach a list of all 
addresses and dates.) Yes No
10. Is your spouse currently serving with or employed by the U.S. government and serving outside the United States?Yes No
If you answered "Yes" to any of the above, provide a detailed explanation on a separate sheet(s) of paper and refer to "What Initial Evidence Is Required?" to determine 
what criminal history documentation to include with your petition. Place your name and Alien Registration  Number (A#) at the top of each sheet and give the number of 
the item that refers to your response.
Part 4.  Information About the Spouse or Parent Through Whom You Gained Your Conditional Residence
Family Name First Name Middle Name
Address
Date of Birth (mm/dd/yyyy) Social Security # (if any) A# (if any)
Part 5.  Information About Your Children-List all your children  (Attach other sheet(s) if necessary)
Name (First/Middle/Last) Date of Birth (mm/dd/yyyy)A # (If any) If in U.S., give address/immigration statusLiving with you?
Yes No
Yes No
Yes No
Yes No
Yes No
Read the information on penalties in the instructions before completing this section.  If you checked block 
Part 6.  Signature."a" in Part 2, your spouse must also sign below.
I certify, under penalty of perjury of the laws of the United States of America, that this petition and the evidence submitted with it is all true and 
correct. If conditional residence was based on a marriage, I further certify that the marriage was entered in accordance with the laws of the place 
where the marriage took place and was not for the purpose of procuring an immigration benefit. I also authorize the release of any information from 
my records that the U.S. Citizenship and  Immigration Services needs to determine eligibility for the benefit sought.
Signature Print Name Date (mm/dd/yyyy)
Signature of Spouse Print Name Date (mm/dd/yyyy)
NOTE:  If you do not completely fill out this form or fail to submit any required documents listed in the instructions, you may not be found eligible 
for the requested benefit and this petition may be denied.
Part 7.  Signature of Person Preparing Form, If Other than Above
I declare that I prepared this petition at the request of the above person and it is based on all information of which I have knowledge.
Signature Print Name Date (mm/dd/yyyy)
Firm Name and Address Daytime Phone Number 
(Area/Country codes)
E-Mail Address 
(If any)
 Form I-751 (Rev.08/25/08) N Page 2
